create a model which tries predict if a patient has this disease or not
Given clinical parameters about a patient, can we predict whether or not they have heart disease?
predicting heart disease
identify relationship between heart disease and various other features
What causes Heart disease?
find linear relations between features
 classify the target variable
 uncover key relationships between features and outcome
 find interesting patterns
Predicting student percentage
Student Performance Correlation
Which major factors contribute to test outcomes?
Predicting student performance with the demographic and socioeconomic information.
Predict the onset of diabetes based on diagnostic measures
explain how different features have different effect on the prediction whether or not a patient has diabetes, based on certain diagnostic measurements.
Predict the onset of diabetes based on diagnostic measures
accurately predict whether or not the patients in the dataset have diabetes or not?
to build a machine learning model to accurately predict whether or not the patients in the dataset have diabetes or not?
to identify whether the patient has diabetes or not based on diagnostic measurements.
To predict the onset of diabetes based on diagnostic measures.
predict the number of suicides that may happen from population
Using the Wisconsin breast cancer diagnostic data set for predictive analysis
classifying suspected cells to Benign or Malignant
to determine whether the tumor is benign or malignant in people diagnosed with breast cancer.
classify mushrooms as poisonous or eatable.
predict whether the mushroom is edible or poisonous.
guess the type (edible or poisonous) of the species
Which features are most indicative of a poisonous mushroom?
to classify between edible (e) to poisonous (p) mushrooms
mushrooms are classified as either edible or poisonous
Perform Binary Classification on Edibility of Mushroom
Finding traits of poisonous Mushroom
To identify which features are most indicative of a poisonous mushroom
predict whether a mushroom is edible or not
predict the stroke probability
predict whether or not an individual will suffer a stroke.
what are the reasons that cause stroke to people
see if we can succefully detect stroke on some features
predict whether a patient is likely to get stroke
Make a model to try to predict strokes
PREDICT WHETHER A PERSON HAD A STROKE OR NOT
predict the stroke probability
 build the model which predicts the stroke
 predict whether a patient is likely to get stroke
implement a predictive model to determine whether an employee is going to quit or not.
see if we can predict employee attrition
What type of measures should the company take in order to retain their employees?
What is the likelihood of an active employee leaving the company?
What are the key indicators of an employee leaving the company?
 predict potential attrition cases
identify the individuals that are more likely to leave the organization
try to predict the Attrition of IBM HR Analytics data.
To predict if an employee is going to resign or not
Why employees are getting laid off?
which factor influences more towards attrition
 predict housing prices
check the usefulness of dependent variables.
predict the house prices in that region
predict housing prices
to predict future home prices.
 predict the sales price of houses in King County, Seattle.
we want to predict house prices
predict the price of houses.
King County house price prediction
predict the house prices
 a model that could give us an approximation as to what will be the charges of the patient
we must look for patterns in our data
 predict individual medical costs billed by health insurance.
Which Factors Influence the Price of Health Insurance?
creating models that accurately predicts health care costs
To determine if there is a relationship between attributes and medical costs.
use patient data to estimate the average medical care expenses for such population segments
predict whether a person will get affected by a Heart Attack or not
predicting, based on the data of a system, whether a customer will leave the credit card service or not
understand what attributes(features) are making our clients to leave the organization.
identify customers who are getting churned
predict whether the Customer will Churn?
predict, at least to some degree, how and when your customers will cancel
to predict who want to leave credit card services
predict whether a customer will leave the credit card company.
predict who is most likely to get churned among the bank's customers;
identify if a customer will churn or won't
Build a solide model that can predict attrited customers
Support the model with Machine Learning explaination tools to explain each prediction, and hence explain the basis that drives each decision.
find out who is gonna leave the bank in future
 find patterns in data
summarize customer segments.
perform customer segmentation
summarize customer segments.
Cluster the customers based on certain features and create customer profiles
forecast whether a customer will accept the offer in the last campaign
To form clusters of customers having similar characteristics
clustering customers into segments using unsupervised learning on data from a marketing campaign
figure if a given customer would accept / decline the offer.
predict whether or not it will rain tomorrow in Australia
Predict next-day rain in Australia
predict whether or not it will rain tomorrow in Australia.
predict if it will rain tomorrow
Rainfall Prediction
predict whether it will rain tomorrow or not based on the weather data for that day in major cities in Australia.
predict whether it is going to rain in australia
 predict rain on the next day
did it rain the next day, Yes or No?
IS IT WHETHER OR NOT GOING TO RAIN IN AUSTRALIA?
Will it rain tomorrow?
 predict if tomorrow there will be rain or not.